hey everybody
i'm super excited to have um
the co-founder and ceo of one of the
companies that i i've admired from the
distance for many years clavio
um and uh andrew blocky's here
um now uh crazy a 9.5 billion dollar
i wrote this up a 9.5 billion dollar
leader an email on multi-channel
marketing for e-commerce and more right
is that is that a fair is that a fair
summary
it's great well thanks for having us uh
we still have a long way to go
uh but uh yes i think we're we
definitely feel like we're further along
than we were a few years ago yeah
we're getting somewhere so what's fun
for me we'll we'll dig in here
for folks that i'm i'm interested in
personally one piece of
e-commerce which is the b2b side and um
if if you're not in it you will find um
klavio fascinating like the scale and
what it's learned if you are in it
what's interesting is
clavio's one of these hero companies and
the b2b the b2b in e-commerce is huge
but it is a vertical which we'll dig
into
um and i invested early in algolia which
is a search api which became very
e-commerce focus and i was the first
real investor in a company called
gorgeous
also on shopify that andrew knows and if
and granted i wasn't i wasn't a merchant
bangladesh but but you would see a few
years ago
klavio's starting to be a de facto
choice which we'll talk about right you
go from the upstart
to kind of a leader and it's very
interesting transition point
and i think everyone that's now in
especially in the shopify ecosystem
looks to learn and steal and borrow and
emulate a lot of
the clavio playbook so it's pretty it's
going to be pretty funny to dig
into it but first before we get there
i'm sorry and i'm i'm embarrassed to say
this but what is a clavio just so
just so i know what does the title mean
what's the name of the company what what
what what is it
okay so what is yeah so uh
when we started at night my co-founder
we wanted to pick a name for our company
that we felt like would be durable and
agnostic enough generally enough that we
want to get kind of lumped in with you
see companies that are either about like
oh about
marketing specifically or email or sales
and we were like yep
what we want to build is something more
abstract now so uh the
the name clavio comes from the word
clavia uh which in spanish is a pin or a
mountaineering spike so we like this
idea of if you want to climb a mountain
you need like
tools to do it and so uh that's what we
wanted to be it's like
tools to get hard things done so maybe
the amazon of marketing
uh yeah or i mean hopefully much more
than just marketing we think that's like
hey how do we just help
more businesses be successful
independently so that takes maybe a
little bit of the
anti-amazon in there all right so let's
get into the footprint in a bit
let's just spend a little bit of time in
the early days so we can we can
understand the company today so you're
so not an overnight success story right
founded in 2012
um what was the original idea
and what was the 10x feature like the
one thing that clicked where the product
became sellable like what was your
special 10x feature when you were
feature poor
yeah yeah so when we started in 2012
it's interesting we
everybody knows us for kind of marketing
and messaging um but we actually started
the first year
all we did was we built a we built a
database um so our
our kind of view on the world was we
wanted to make it possible that rather
than have to
talk to customers yourself like you know
um
synchronously you could basically take
the way you want to treat people and
program it into software
so we felt like there was this mismatch
especially and we talked about like in
commerce in retail um in consumer
businesses where
you can you have to choose do i either
help all of my customers
and aim for scale or do i aim for giving
a really great super personalized
experience to like my vips
obviously you want to do both but it's
like well how am i ever going to do both
i mean do i just have to hire you know
thousands of people like what's the
model and because the you think about
the you know
uh let's say the ltvs the annual spend
is so low in consumer right
relatively you can't afford to build out
big teams to do it
you need something in between um so we
actually started out you know we had
this idea that
what was missing was kind of like the
right way to store data so you could you
know you think about like
when you and i are talking we answer
questions like in real time but there
was no database that was good at kind of
analytical queries but also like really
low latency like a few milliseconds
so we spent um actually the first year
just building that and so if you
actually if you talk to our earlier
customers they're like oh yeah we
built we we got clavio because they
basically had an api or
you know a ui that would allow us to
just run queries against our customers
and then they export it out and what's
funny was i remember walking
uh you know walking around outside doing
some customer calls checking in with
folks
was like back in late 2012 and
all of our customers are like hey so
would you ever think about integrating
with like exact target
or you know contact or mailchimp
and i remember i asked them i'm like
well how much do you like love those
pieces of software
yeah and they were like well i don't
know we don't have any special affinity
for it's actually kind of hard to do
you know the kind of the more complex
more personalized stuff that you guys
are enabling
i said okay crazy idea what if i just
built what if we just built
you know those you know kind of uh
marketing messaging you know email
email first now sms tools they're like
oh yeah sure go for it i remember
calling my co-founder after a couple of
these calls and saying
i have a crazy idea how about we just
build both the database
and the marketing messaging tools we'll
combine it into one platform
and like that will be our products and
um i think
that was you know when when we when we
started to do that because i mean
earlier
we were fortunate that we um you know at
the time like sendgrid you know now
twilio like existed so
we have to solve all the same problems
that a lot of folks earlier had had to
solve
um you know we almost instantly saw
folks that would come to us and say i
have this idea
for you know some personalized you know
messaging or marketing i want to do
and all of a sudden they're like boy
because of the database you built
and because of the you know the fact
that i can then design messages and send
them programmatically
you've kind of solved all this and like
i don't have to build anything anymore
and uh we actually started in sas so i
mean just like every other you know
probably uh entrepreneur developer like
i want to sell you know to other
sas companies and so we started down
that path um i just
got lucky that a buddy of mine had a
shopify store actually
and um you know he said hey can i try to
try this out and we said yeah let's go
for it
and it turned out actually that that was
an even bigger market or let's put this
way
the use cases were even better defined
so it was really easy
to get into you know like all of a
sudden we realized we're solving for his
one store
and there were thousands of other people
that had more or less the same kinds of
issues and same use cases and so we
could go really fast
so that's interesting so you didn't
certainly didn't start well i guess did
you start with an e-commerce perspective
as
as a database api or did you figure this
out when you got brought into it
yeah the big unlock for us was when we
were working with other software
companies like us
one of the things we realized was
because they did so many had so many
different functions
um it was actually you know our
technology was fine the hard part was
kind of teaching people how to map you
know the way they wanted to treat
customers help figure that out i mean in
some sense if you think about in the sas
world
defining what customer success is they
didn't really have a customer success
playbook they were figuring it out as
they went along
in e-commerce everybody knew kind of the
standard playbook
yes so they were just more about like
hey how do i scale how do i automate it
how do i make it more
um you know personal and casualized so
so so
it sounds like so at first blush
building a very sophisticated robust
database and then adding email seems
like
too much work right but it sounds like
at the end and i should know this this
is the secret sauce for clavio because
you as starting
perhaps as from a technology center as a
database that's very different
than most email or sms companies they're
starting off
as a basic easy-to-use product but
without that incredible core
right and that may be the special sauce
because personalization's hard
yeah that was basically that that was
our big bet was
you know and i remember talking with our
team about this we said hey
we think we can add you know messaging
and some of the marketing primitives on
top of our database
faster than all of the existing say
marketing tech companies that just did
you know uh you know uh marketing stuff
fashion they could figure out how to
build
or integrate with somebody kind of the
data parts and uh we think that proved i
mean yes that
so we're big believers in that case this
was a very much of both end so one of
the things i tell
entrepreneurs all the time is you have
to be a little careful i know people aim
for mvps but sometimes you cut off parts
that are really important
in our case you know having that kind of
clarity of like okay it has to be both
of these two things together
and then just setting it up where i mean
for a long time you know our product
teams our engineering teams
thought that way you know we had teams
that were just focused on building
database tech and that was awesome
you know other teams that were just
focused on building marketing messaging
and creative tech and that was awesome
and the coolest part was when you
combine the two together and everybody
knew that and so it was exciting because
you almost had these like two
companies working together to build kind
of something that was gonna be greater
than the
uh pieces and i probably should know
this but but when you talked about
sendgrid and twilio
when you first bolted email on were you
using third party apis for email
how does or did you have to build it all
from day one or how did you phase in
what you did yourself versus what you
used as a
as a as a service yeah so i mean our so
our story was in the first three years
of our company almost three years
um it was just two of us so i mean we
really had to figure out anything you
need a few apis
there's two of you yeah i mean it's uh
constraints are awesome uh you think you
just it looks
like you really i think the more you
automate things away in the early days
like it just compounds over time right
and so we really were forced like
anything that took any amount of time
which we had to you know write code or
whatever just find a way to either
outsource it or automate the way
um so when we started i mean i've read
up enough on you know gosh like setting
up smtp servers and mtas and
you know obviously sendgrid we'd known
about them i'd use them at previous
companies
we said well this makes way too much
sense i mean this kind of solves all the
gross problems and allows us the
flexibility we want so
yeah we had a great relationship with
them i mean from day one even to through
today
and uh what we decided what it turns out
it's like when you get into
messaging the hard part is not so much
actually sending an email like that's
pretty straightforward there's like
you could actually you could do that
yourself if you wanted the really
difficult part
is um getting it delivered it's kind of
the same way that we think about
with google it's like hey there's a
webspam team with uh facebook
or social media there's like content
moderation teams well okay in a
decentralized world with email or now
the same thing is
best mess there's always gonna there's
gonna be some sort of
spam filtering somewhere right and
people call it deliverability but it's
all the same problem
and so the thing that we realized was uh
you know if you're sending just
so let's say uh you know you know i
don't know uh purely
like transactional emails or things that
you know like
that's very straightforward delivery you
never have any issues everybody opens
them all kind of stuff
when you get into being proactive you
get into marketing i mean the lines
between
what is spam what somebody wants and
what somebody doesn't want
start to get gray really fast and it
turns out i mean it's a really cool
evolution amongst email clients
it gone are the days where it's like if
you use the word viagra like that's spam
and everything else is like good
now it's it's actually very personalized
where hey
you know you jason you'll stop getting
emails if you just stop
opening them and it's the responsibility
of the person sending it to figure that
out and if you don't then you get
penalized kind of at large
and so that was something we actually we
had to build all on our own and so that
was where we kind of drew the lines like
you know we could use um you know
sendgrid to help us like deliver the
nails and kind of like deal with some of
the technical details but the end of the
day the the really hard part was
okay how do you increase relevance and
make sure that from a consumer's point
of view that was really good
and those are systems that you obviously
have data to help you know make things
more relevant
but we had to figure out like compute
build our own scores and our own systems
to figure that out yeah that makes sense
um so you never had to build some of
that base level functionality yourself
though
yeah i mean we kind of looked at it as
like i think every you know every
entrepreneur
engineer has to figure this stuff out is
we're going to draw the line like what
are you going to be really good at what
are you not
and so we always took the stance of okay
we are going like
you know we have a much more like let's
build things ourselves or use open
source and really understand it
um but in cases where we saw an
opportunity where you know we kind of
knew how a service worked but we didn't
have the time to build it
that was a good opportunity for us to
partner up and especially with companies
that we thought were kind of moving fast
i mean because the other thing is you
want to pick a service that you know
will innovate is right he's going to
keep moving forward right so you don't
get very limited by them because i mean
we certainly i mean not with cengage at
all but like we've had that happen with
others where
you know we got stuck because we kind of
needed more things than they
faster they can move then you're not
having to build yourself anyways so um
yeah that worked definitely worked well
for uh email and smtpg
so let's talk and then we can fast
forward to the future just about some
inflection point so
it takes you while you're bootstrapping
for a couple years we could chat about
that or not if you want
you fit you you you lean into shopify
when you have a buddy that exposes you
to the system
did it take off from there did it take
off when you got 100 shopify merchants
and like pre-covered what were the
inflection points then we could talk
about covet
yeah sure so it's essentially i kind of
divide you know the first
the first three years of clavio were
really it was our kind of bootstrapping
phase right i think when we were about
after about three years we got
probably around you know maybe about a
thousand customers
uh maybe around uh a million dollar run
rate
it's a and so it took a long time
compared to like how fast people expect
to go now it took a long time
yeah um but we just had this i guess i
think the nice part about
boot trappings we just had this point of
view that it's like look we're just
going to focus on
making sure we really understand our
customers getting building a product
they love so product market fed
and then we're going to expect that
growth will come from there
like we wanted we always felt like you
know word of mouth like every you know
we could we did a bunch of content
marketing we did a little bit of seo
we did a lot of work with um you know
partnerships shopify and others
we always felt like the best channel for
us to be like when somebody cares about
us we want them to be
raving uh about it you know customers um
you know where there's you know
we have a fair number of partners that
are like bargaining you know consultants
agencies
which one they're gonna be raving about
us um so we kind of focused in on that
and uh to be honest we kept trying to
forecast growth but we didn't really
know what good
looked like or didn't so it just the
business kind of kept going
um once we got about three years in we
said like we actually at this point
we're like all right so we gonna
like are we gonna raise money or is this
just gonna be
you know i hate the term but like kind
of a lifestyle business are we just
going to kind of grow it as much as the
two of us can handle
um i think we're both of the kind of
opinion that it was cool once we got
profitable it's like
okay we know we're going to survive uh
but now like let's go for it i mean
we've got this you know we've got this
we pick up this product everything's
pretty good we have the ability to hire
the people
we really want to work with like let's
go for it um
and so definitely uh you know we were
you know we
we really we i don't think we even
understood until we were maybe about
half a million
just how great e-commerce and kind of
you know retail was
as a segment and certainly like i mean
we were really fortunate to get to meet
the folks at shopify
really early days i mean i remember we
built our first kind of integration
um into shopify and then others you know
bigcommerce magento and
you know uh you know wordpress we did
all that stuff
way back in you know 2012 2013 and
shopify just like exploded um and all of
a sudden you know we just realized boy
we're talking to so many
um uh shopify uh businesses
um just every week and so um that was i
mean that was a really fun period
because we
i remember one year we were trying to
forecast like what revenue growth would
be and
my co-founder i both had different
estimates and we ended up like blowing
away both of them
right what year was this sorry that was
gosh like maybe
2015 i think it was it yeah i think it
was it was yours this one shopify was
really pulling away from the pack right
that's what people don't get from the
outside shopify did not immediately pull
away right
it was quite a ways into its journey
when it became this de facto platform
yeah i mean we're i mean they obviously
are well past this point now and got
their way before we did but i you know
we're big believers in the kind of the
uh like the
uh in sas you know there's kind of this
uh
you know uh it's instead of like things
like kind of aggregating towards the
mean there's this kind of like aversion
to the mean
so once you kind of break through and
people kind of know who you are
uh which obviously i mean we were lucky
that we were kind of there when shopify
was doing that right and broken through
that barrier you sort of become a little
bit of this default like you become i
think it's word now people start to say
oh yeah
yeah i know what that is um so that's
right i think we were kind of in the
right place at the right time
um and with like a i mean we with a very
similar kind of product ethos of you
know okay let's focus on
small businesses and have a really great
you know really usable product
and um yeah things just took off and
then i don't back when that happened
what was the shopify ecosystem like i
mean were you
were you able to like integrate on day
one with new merchants or how do they
find you as this sort of
smaller but breakout leader how do they
find you in the as this part shopify
partner
yeah it's a great question i mean so we
we became you know so
we did a lot of content marketing around
uh
you know personalized messaging and then
we start once we realize that you know
e-commerce was going to be a bigger
thing we said okay we started to focus
there
um so we said okay let's go with this
vertical playbook we felt like that was
good because it would also
at the time a lot of uh you know market
investment marketing tech
was very uh horizontal so we felt like
there was an advantage to aiming
vertical and starting that way um and so
uh it was a combination thing so like
that helped create some of the
background noise but then yeah i mean
one thing i give you know
credit to shopify for big time they had
really
built out the kind of all of the
plumbing to make a great ecosystem
so we it was it was interesting like
when we re i mean we were at this
database we said hey we're going to
build as many connectors as we can to
help people get data in we'll sort of
save them the time to do the integration
so we built you know 40 50 different you
know connectors into all sorts of
different kinds of systems crms
ecommerce platforms
platforms payment platforms uh all this
kind of stuff
what was amazing was you know relative
to others
you know some really there's a lot of
like like artificial red tape you have
to talk to people
they'd like maybe take they'd be slow
and responding
but shopify they had like great set of
apis it was all self-serve at that point
um there was a bit of a review process
but it was quick and then they actually
you know because they were growing they
were happy to help
you know if they found things and you
kind of could show them proof points
they wanted to help you
um you know get distribution yeah they
were great in terms of just you know uh
at the time whether it was you know kind
of recommending
through their teams or just you know i
mean they actually had like a kind of a
listing page a directory
um just you know kind of promoting us
there so that in the early days that
definitely helped a bunch
and you have a sense because when you
look at partner ecosystems and we could
flip it around and talk about
clavio's partner ecosystem too yeah it's
almost always a long-tail distribution
you could have a thousand apps
on shopify or salesforce but it's
probably 10 that get half the installs
and then it goes there right and back
when shopify took off and you were
taking off
do you think you got 20 30 how much of
your new business do you think you got
directly from shopify do you have a
sense back in the day oh
i don't know yeah i mean it's probably
something like that like yeah yeah i
mean we weren't
we weren't as good at measuring it as uh
we probably should have been or we would
be today
um yeah but i think that's i think
that's right i mean we always felt like
uh you know we what we wanted to do
was uh if if somebody had had kind of
the
operational side of their business kind
of nailed down
an ecommerce that meant it's like hey uh
you have a you have a you have a website
you have a way to take payments you have
a way to kind of keep all of your you
know to track
orders and inventory and shipping uh if
you could do all of that like we wanted
to complement that and be the kind of
customer side of it like okay so how do
you how do you interface with your
customers what does that experience look
like
and you know we just felt like that was
gonna be a super important like
complement
um to any kind of stack and that i think
it's true in e-commerce retail it's true
in other
in other areas too um and so in that
case like yeah we think
you know it was a mix of folks finding i
mean certainly in the early days a lot
of people found out about us
through uh through shopify and through
other partnerships we had
and then over the years i think it
slowly migrated where it became this
like okay we just have this brand around
like okay if you're doing
ecommerce and you're doing uh you know
either it's
wrangling your customer data or doing
customer messaging we're just kind of a
good place to do it now it's i think
it's
it's it's almost like it's so
intertwined it's hard to pull apart
um but that's why we have to tell folks
like if you're building stuff like
you want to invest in both right i mean
certainly like the partnerships we built
have been fantastic
uh at the same time like we've built
more of our own content
in our own kind of like i know case
studies and resources
and if you have those two things
together i think it's the best of all
that's how you can go the fastest
and when um just a bit of a
perpendicular question on just like
the strategy of pricing and economics as
you talk i'm thinking
when you have clavio or something like
it where
some of your competitors are not only
horizontal but pseudo commodities
right and then you're providing focused
value how do you
how do you compare pricing how do you
anchor around sort of known
pricing points in the industry yeah it's
a good question so it was actually
something we spent a bunch of time
thinking about when we started
um so at the time you know messaging
email
was very commoditized i mean the feeling
the kind of the feeling was
well email's free doesn't cost any sense
so
you know there's maybe some
infrastructure you need to do it but
it just whatever i mean it should become
pennies and then you know fractions of
pennies
um what we felt was different was we
actually invested a lot in not just
adding in like personalization but also
in doing the attribution side of helping
you figure out what worked
so it was i think about it was almost
like the a cost based model which is
what like email had become
and we want to flip it to a value-based
model so if we
we felt like if we could say hey the
value of the
you know the message you just sent was i
don't know it was a dollar
right uh because i don't know on average
you know you send it to
100 people and like 20 of them respond
to it and on average they spent
you know x dollars like if you could do
the math and do the attribution
correctly
um we felt like that could you could
change the whole calculus because the
other day what people were really after
was growth and that was actually
the that was the big distinguisher
differentiator
was we felt like a lot of what marketing
tech had become was it was basically
just to do stuff but if you ever want to
figure out like
what's the roi nobody wanted to make
that easy so
probably i think it was your number two
for us we invested a bunch in
how do we make sure we can handle
attribution internally so you didn't
have to use google analytics or
something or you know pay for some other
software to do it
and that's actually been really true for
today so if you talk to a lot of our
customers i mean
you know for years i get questions like
what's a good open rate
uh now those questions are gone
everybody asks it's like hey what's a
good return
um you know what's a good you know we
talk a lot about like revenue per email
sent or per campaign
yeah just keep obsessed with it we
actually in our product we just
deleted or kind of hid and de-emphasized
all of the classic
kind of email metrics things like open
rates click rates all that stuff we just
said hey you can you can find it but
it's a couple pages deep
instead we just said hey here's the
dollars that came out of this
and i think people loved that because
finally they felt like they had
something to say okay
the reason i spent so many hours right
building up this campaign
or building out this automation is
because i can see that i can see the
results we also think it
helped kind of gamify things it made it
a little more fun when you had something
that it's like hey every month i'm gonna
try to drive this number up
and then we found like the cool part was
a few years in we talked to customers
and they'd say
yeah we've now taken those metrics that
you show us
those are now like the kpis for our
business like that's how we drive
that's how we our whole team operates
you know if last month
you know 20 percent of our revenue came
from clavio the goal for the next three
months is let's get to 25.
so you're the dashboard you're the
dashboard for the roi of the company
right that's right that's right that's
right yeah so how so
make so sorry go ahead well maybe one uh
the point
that led to a big theme that we figured
out a few years in since 2013
2014 that we realized a lot of companies
looked at their customers as very
transactional it was i you know i drive
traffic i run ads i get somebody show up
they buy and that's the end of it
they didn't realize you know the value
of either pre-purchase or post-purchase
that relationship
and so all of a sudden we said it's like
hey you actually you can drive this
yourself
and by the way you know clayvio's a lot
more cost-effective much better roi than
any advertising you're ever going to do
and so that's where i mean we started
getting around this idea of hey
instead of like paid advertising or paid
marketing what if we got into like owned
marketing you know kind of at the idea
of like own media
and so he said okay what percentage of
your revenue is being driven from owned
channels right so that's where we think
about things that are direct
email you know your website text
messaging all these kinds of bits
and now our obsession is like how do we
drive that percentage up and up and up
to try to give more of those businesses
more control more ball control where
in the past they felt like if i don't
have somebody else kind of driving
traffic to me if that ever shuts off
you know i'm kind of dead to rights now
they feel like they're building a
community
you know a brand an ecosystem onto
themselves and does that push you a
little bit more at market so you can
have
those more mature conversations or can
you stay close to your smb roots and do
that
so it's interesting like you people used
to feel like that was only a thing that
big enterprise customers care about
because they had scale
but we very strongly believe and the
good news i think all of our partners do
too
it's really something you should be
doing from day one i mean once you have
one customer that's somebody that can
start
talking about you and your products yes
and so i think i think
the thing we've realized a lot of
businesses is they said we want to get
started early on
it just nobody's given us a playbook
it's so hard to do like
i mean running an ad campaign on google
or facebook or selling on amazon is so
straightforward
if we can't match the user experience of
that nobody's gonna i mean just you know
entrepreneurs when they're starting out
they don't have the time so we felt like
if we could match that more people could
start from day one
and actually they would make it easier
for them to yeah there's no reason why
they can't be driving a lot of their
sales
um you know from either repeat customers
or helping convert more customers
from day one which just makes the whole
business more likely to succeed yep and
does
um and just because it's a fun topic as
you
you know pricing based ultimately around
the lift you give
right is the magic in e-commerce
marketing right it's the magic right you
either get you can either send a
trillion emails
but what you really want is a lift right
and even modest changes can have
dramatic if anyone sold anything effects
are dramatic right
but if your pricing that way did it does
it did it slow
down sales because you had to talk
through it more rather than a hyper
transactional model and how did you with
smbs how did you how did you weigh that
trade off of having to educate folks
more in the buying process
yeah it's a good question so i so this
is one where we just use the heuristics
so
i finished your answering question about
pricing so we want to switch from this
like
cost-based to value-based model yeah so
what we decided was
uh you know we wanted to be viewed as
you know
a more advanced really more of a premium
product
it wasn't necessarily that we were more
advanced we had more bells and whistles
we just wanted to feel like we would get
you the you know the return that you
were looking for we were
serious companies that really want to
grow so we actually just came up with
this heuristic that was
hey we're going to take kind of we
looked at this you know we kind of
looked at the
pricing models of everybody else was out
there and said hey we're just going to
charge
you know 50 more 100 more and we just
made that our model
and we felt like that kind of put us in
this like premium spot it's worth it
you're providing more value right so
you're angry and high you're increasing
what i found is it was hard to get
people
to wrap up everybody loved the
attribution but
you know it's it's always hard to you
know to be convinced it's like well is
this
is that exactly the right way to you
know um you know do people want to pay
based on you know what they see and what
if the math changes and all this kind of
stuff so
we decided it's like we still would do
it our pricing model is still today
is based on effectively the number of
customers you have
um and how frequently uh and potentially
how frequently you message them um
but what we wanted to measure internally
is we looked for every single
uh you know business we worked with what
was their roi and we had kind of targets
of hey we wanted to be at least
you know at least 10x at least 20x and
so we target that and so
in a way that's like right so rather
than have like kind of a pure take rate
or something like that you pay some
percentage like
payment processing is really easy one
right where you can just do that it's
clear value out it makes a lot of sense
in our case because we were one step
removed like you know what we'll measure
that and we'll make sure that we kind of
tune it so it's in the right ballpark
it's never too
expensive but we feel like that gave us
a lot like we we felt comfortable
knowing when we talked to customers
hey we can afford to charge a little bit
more because we can draw a
you know pretty straight line between
the activities they're doing inside of
clavio
and then actual growth yeah and are you
usually at this point
i mean we're all veterans have they used
other products before
and then they're seeing that clavio can
give them more is that the typical flow
and today today's work
i think that's yeah i mean probably the
bulk of our customers fit in that bucket
uh yeah
they're i mean they're aware of their
obviously weird email they've used it
for their business in some way but they
they looked at you know gosh doing
automated email just felt so
unapproachable like there's so much data
work to be done
and then well i mean how do you do the
logic and can you do content i mean how
does all that stuff work and we just
made that easy
there are def i mean as we've grown an
increasing number of businesses have
come to us kind of from day one
and that is it's a really interesting
group because in that case i mean
everybody actually knows what email is
um but they're not used to you know like
how do i get going
from the start right so in that case
it's it's been it's been more fun
because we've said we've set ourselves a
goal okay
in an hour how do we make it possible
for somebody that's starting from zero
knowledge
to be not just you know know enough but
have set everything up where we can get
them their
first customer off an email or text
message uh based on
whatever just content design they can do
in one hour yeah and
that's been really cool because when
people see that kind of like that eureka
moment of like oh my gosh i can't
believe i just made a sale
uh really good things happen one they
start talking about us like crazy but
also two you know they're hooked right
they're gonna be looking for that second
that tenth that hundredth and now they
think is okay this is part of how i'm
gonna grow
yeah there's like a related question i
was thinking about just we're all we're
coming out of covid right so now there's
this new world we've got this postcoded
world
like e-commerce obviously we don't have
to talk about it exploded during kovid
right
but why was clavio a huge beneficiary
and the reason i asked the question
is i'm assuming a lot of your customers
look everyone knows that come march
of everyone went online like every store
had to go online
but some customers already were online
it's not the same and i assume a lot of
your customers were second generation
users they'd already used marketing
products so
why did klavio get a huge benefit right
um
because um weren't folks already using
other products beforehand
yeah so i mean they're kind of two
classes of folks there were you know
more digital natives yes um and
certainly that probably indexes towards
correlates with younger like you know
you know businesses and brands have
started more recently um
and then secondly so we saw a big um you
know uptick in last year is businesses
that were maybe
originally brick and mortar businesses
that we had always been thinking about
moving online but just didn't have a
reason to pull the trigger or it was on
their list but all of a sudden
right um the uh like
so we look at we kind of think there are
two big trends that happened
last year the first is like where does
the transaction take place and obviously
that shifted from being in a physical
store
to online and there's all the things
that okay logistics shipping all like
all things that make that
complicated and do they need clavio the
next day is it a first
purchase like there's like a couple apps
you've got to buy to go online is is
kavio one of those and there's others
you phase in later right
yeah right so i mean we we definitely
feel that like yeah if you're gonna you
need to you need to know your customers
and start building relations with them
from day one i mean you can wait till
later but you're wasting time
so that that was trend number one the
the other trend that clayvia really
plays into is not so much for the
transaction because we actually
click is not we don't we don't take the
actual order or process the payment so
we don't actually care what happens
what was interesting to us is we felt
like what online adoption
was accelerating was the uh kind of the
identification or the de-anonymization
of who the consumer is
so the analogy we made is like if you
walk into you know say a big box
retailer i mean whether it's your first
time in there or your 100th time
nobody has any idea it's an entirely
anonymous transactional
kind of experience which may be what you
want but it does mean that it's like
there's no
opportunities to contextualize or know
who you are or do any kind of
personalization which can be
sometimes frustrating the cool part
about online was
is now you know because we have this
kind of whether it's an email address or
a phone number or some basic information
now all of a sudden like if you want
there's the opportunity for that
business
to actually contextualize your like you
know when you visit your website
any messaging you get um and so we felt
like the
kind of online a single online
transaction kind of catalyzes that whole
relationship
because now you know each other and
obviously it's on the business to make
that useful if it's if it's just spam
it's not interesting like well that's
fine like everybody's just going to
unsubscribe or block it
yeah but it gave you an opportunity to
do that and so now we think about like
post covid i mean the big thing was now
we have all these businesses that
whether they're where they're entirely
digitally natives or they're some sort
of hybrid
uh they now have the opportunity to go
actually know more about their customers
and they're finding ways to stitch that
together
into the physical right experience as
well as the digital experience so
actually
we have people sending emails where sure
a lot of it is happening where the
transactions happening online
it's also a lot where the call to action
is like hey come business and store and
by the way because we know who you are
or you've told us something about
yourself we can kind of point you to the
right place
yeah and so especially for you know
large or more true brands i think that's
really interesting so this whole
de-anonymizing who the consumer is
making it so that consumers if they want
to be known
by that business they can start to build
that direct relationship we think
that's a really big trend and that
definitely really took off last year
yeah that's interesting um let's just
for for other founders an interesting
let's talk about platforms let's first
talk about the platforms you build on
and then let's talk about you as a
platform because it's a fun topic
the first one you talked about how you
exploded with shopify right i feel like
there's a paradox for founders today
right
which is you want diversification you
want to be in an ideal world you'd be on
shopify you'd be on woocommerce you'd be
on magento you'd be on big commerce
you'd be on whatever just launched out
of yc or on techcrunch right
but shopify's market share has grown
right and so i see more and more folks
who
no matter what they say it makes sense
to just bet on shopify right and so what
have you learned you've diversified
right you're on all the platforms
but what what's what are the learnings
behind the learnings on on where these
different platforms are going
yeah so maybe a couple things the first
is i think you definitely want to build
i think it's it's a good idea to build
you know your underlying tech
so that it's kind of agnostic right so
there's a level of indirection in
between
what you solve for and the other folks
that today and tomorrow can solve that
uh you know they can integrate with you
or help solve the problem so in our case
the issue was we built this database it
was great at storing customer data and
helping you use it
but we had to find some way to get it in
and so what that meant was we had to
build basically a separate layer
um that made it easy to connect to all
the different our bet was you know
whether it was sas or open source
people were going to choose sort of
rather than build themselves they're
going to start to choose
from a handful of platforms yes um so i
would definitely recommend doing that
like
it's kind of worth the extra investment
um now the
counterpoint to that is i mean certainly
like you talked about like power laws
like
there are going to be businesses that
just uh you know
win because they they build the best
products they build the best technology
and certainly shopify has been one of
those
and so we knew that was going to be the
case and that was honestly was part of
the calculus was
hey you know there's you know even if
there's there's not gonna be there may
be
you know a hundred different let's say
e-commerce platforms
but the reality is there's probably
gonna be five or ten that most will
standardize on and the top one or two
are probably a huge markets here just
because people don't want to have to
make endless numbers of decisions
um so we like what we tried to do was we
went to
every single um you know partner of ours
and so we could start with the ecommerce
ones
and basically looked at like who was
forward thinking you know
wanted to invest in building
relationships with other
you know soon-to-be hopefully like us
platforms out there
and the cool part was like i said like i
mean shopify and a few others they made
it
so easy to get started so we could just
tell that a lot of the ethos was similar
so i think like you kind of i look good
partnerships it's kind of like pulling
on a string right if both sides aren't
pulling
it just it's very easy very easy kind of
it doesn't stay tight anymore
so we always looked for partners that
you know kind of were equally as
invested as we were
and if they weren't that was okay we
just knew it's like we probably weren't
good there probably wasn't gonna bear a
lot of fruit
so um in this case like it was
definitely like nope everybody's working
the same direction or like you know
helping keep that string tight
um and uh yeah that really took off and
i again i give shopify a lot of credit
for
today i think we're early to this game
of realizing developers and building
ecosystem mattered
i think a lot of folks have now tried to
rinse and repeat their playbook
and and it probably gets to like how we
think about it you know as we've grown
like
i remember when we started we realized
there were developers coming to us
saying hey can we integrate with
clavio and whether it's to pull data out
so we can personalize the experiences
we're powering or we want to help push
more data in so you
people can use that for marketing
messaging um
yeah i mean we looked at companies like
shopify like twilio like salesforce as
examples of
companies that have done this really
well and understood developers and i
think it's still early days for us
but um you know those were companies
were like hey how do we replicate the
kind of magic they've built where people
say
this is the it's the best it's the most
efficient way for somebody else to build
their own business
yeah right um integrated with us and
we're not the only i mean we're not the
only company that has apis for into a
database to do analytics or to do
marketing messaging
but if we if we're the easiest to
integrate with i mean you know any any
small
startup they're going to put they're
going to put their time on what's likely
to you know what is kind of the greatest
mass but it's also the easiest to do
and if they can get it out yeah there
could be a temptation
as you become a system of record to to
make it easier to deposit data inside
than to remove the at least the
structured form of the data right
yeah i hope that's i mean i got a trend
i mean something that we also believed
in
you know when we were building you know
effectively b2b software was you know in
the consumer world you know there's this
kind of
uh it's becoming less implicit now but
there's this kind of uh this deal that
hey you could use the platform but the
data was never yours
so you know you take a picture and you
put it on facebook like it's not really
your data anymore
um i always felt like with b2b software
it's like you know for a business it's
gonna be so important that you get that
data interoperability
so we've just we've really tried to
partner up with companies that have the
same belief that felt like
okay what matters is data portability
matters and you know the best part about
apis is that you can yeah you can edit
the data
and you can pull it out for other use
cases the interesting part is how do you
do a really good job of
making sure that the people you're
working with care about let's say
privacy and security to the same extent
that you do that's a really fascinating
i think trend that's happened the last
couple of years
that we're really very focused on but at
the end of the day i mean yeah we look
at ourselves as we're just an extension
of i mean
hopefully a business could build what
we're building it just would take them a
while
so hey if we can help you know thousands
you know hopefully millions of small
businesses you know not have to pay that
cost
all the better and just let's talk about
just for one second
another topic is super interesting i
think and i may be misdescribing it for
cleveland but it's co-option so as you
scale then this is natural
shopify adds some low end functionality
right around email marketing for sure
right to its whole base
salesforce commerce cloud has always had
more enterprise functionality going back
to exact target and others
i found that typically that benefits
folks like klavio because worst case the
customer outgrows
some of that solution and they become a
lead like they start to generate
leads for you that you might not
otherwise get even if on day one
it's a little stressful to have a little
more competition
what were your learnings on that sort of
co-op petition yeah totally
well first of all yeah i think it's
probably generally true that uh
you know it's uh it's sort of like you
know uh
any press is good press so the more
people are thinking about this is like
it's something that matters
definitely helps um you know in the case
of the folks we work with i
we've always just had very kind of
upfront conversations that hey you know
if you
want to build what we built then like
just let us know i mean the world is big
enough like
we believe the technology we're building
is like i mean it applies to so many
different industries different verticals
like
there's a lot of ways we can direct
ourselves um so there's no point to be
you know kind of enemies here like we
can let's let's
let's be friends and if it doesn't make
sense just let us know um
the other part is is like yeah i mean
because of this like openness of you
know at least b2b
software i'm just a big believer it's
like if you build the best product like
consumers are going to kind of demand
your customers are going to demand
getting to interoperate with it and so
yes
substance i think competition is great
because it's it's kind of boring if we
just you know if you end up in these
kind of walled gardens you know when we
talk about steven inside clavio like if
we can't
build the best feature or the bet you
know the best use for you we can't solve
for some use case in the best way
then we're just gonna interrupt we're
gonna you know uh integrate with whoever
is the best
um and that's frankly makes things more
fun right maybe we talk about for our
product teams our engineering teams
we're more interested in building like
whatever the best possible experience is
rather than the ones that we know
that customers will buy because it comes
bundled with klaviyo or
or whatever so i i think it's just a
more fun way to work i mean
especially when we got when when mike
copeland when we got into claydio we
weren't doing so much to you know i
don't know build a big business as we
just wanted to build some of the
technology that we wished exist existed
and so that's i tell you all the
engineers that worked plea did the same
thing it's like
look if if you're here you know just to
kind of uh
build competitive moats that's just not
that exciting it's way more interesting
and i think for
folks like you and i that care about
technology we just want to see as much
technology in our lifetimes as we can so
let's you know the more we can actually
encourage competition the better
yeah and uh certainly when you get to
co-optician it's great because you know
people will do things you'll learn from
them
you know kind of some you know some cool
user experience or some way to do
something that's
kind of helps us leap forward i mean
we've seen that with clavio where you
know in the early days there was a lot
we you know kind of borrowed from others
right
stole that we thought were great ideas
and we don't get upset when people
see you know ideas or paradigms we've
introduced they want to use them we
think that's awesome right that's that's
all
we're excited when people kind of enter
and want to kind of help level us up too
and how many employees do you have today
gosh i think we're up 600.
maybe yeah maybe 600 700 it's it's a
little weird working remote right
because you uh
i get to meet everybody you know over
zoom and it's uh you know that's kind of
fun
but when you're like we used to do these
big all hands every friday and so you
kind of got a sense for how big we were
at least you know at least
in our main office in boston um but now
it's yeah it's a little tough you just
get the like little uh you know you get
the little zoom ticker right of how many
people are in a you know in
in a room yeah the funny thing is i
didn't and i want to talk about your
platform next before we run out of time
but
people forget as you're growing
competition is great i think it's a
winner it makes you better right it
makes you more open
and then we forget a moment you'll have
a thousand employees soon enough right
no one will have a thousand employees no
partner
yet working on your problem right this
is what you start it's fascinating like
you you have this scale and
and no one can catch you right the
amount the amount of man-hours and
engineering hours you're looking to
solving this problem
by the end of this year no one on like
there are other folks in the broadcaster
but no one will be spending as many
smart hours as you are solving your
customer problems and that that becomes
that lasts for decades right that lasts
for decades and it's
we forget you you're still a startup in
some ways but in your segment
you may have more people working on you
a distinct set of problems anyone on
planet earth even today
right yeah i think the challenge i mean
culturally is
especially as you grow is how do you
make sure every
person you know every plagio for us
every team feels like a startup
within this like constellation of that
is this larger company i mean everybody
talks about that
it's and i think there's a lot of
companies have done a great job of
really like
so what are the organizational
structures that allow you to do that we
really think about that way
if you you know in some sense if it
feels like we've kind of won or we've
you know we've
solved the problem that's not very
interesting we're all going to get bored
and you know uh like
i would just quit let's go work on
something different so what makes it fun
is when you feel like you're on a you
know a really small team and for us it's
really small i mean we try to keep teams
like
you know two three four five people and
you you're like you're just this david
versus goliath like you're trying to
solve this massive problem that
there's whole companies out there that
are trying to solve and it's your job to
be creative
and you know figure out how to embrace
those constraints and the cool part is
you're working in this constellation of
all these other teams that are doing
other bits and we know that when you
combine them all together it's better
like that's i think what makes things
fun uh yes so we
yeah we you know we try to keep it that
way i mean certainly like yes there's
it's true like we're focusing more than
others but
the more that just feels small feels
tight it feels a little impossible like
that's a fun way to work
all right just two one things i want to
hit before we run out of time but let's
just briefly
or not talk about you as a platform so
now it's flipping around right are
are there a few partners that are making
millions and millions of dollars off you
right and how are you nurturing your own
ecosystem are you there yet do you have
a big team what are you thinking about
to nurture your ecosystem
okay it's a great question so we are i
mean so we are this is a big focus for
us this year so
yeah uh you know well i i wish i had the
exact names and numbers i i know there
are companies that and none of this is
you know are doing like these are great
engineers developers
you know product folks doing themselves
that yeah certainly have built you know
uh companies and applications around
clavio that are uh that have you know
hundreds of thousands of customers
that are doing really well um one of the
things i think honestly we've not done a
great job is
being there for those you know those
those companies really those uh those
entrepreneurs as they're growing up and
building um
you know whether it's specific to clavio
or just like adjacent to us
yeah so we're really putting a lot into
that this year
and uh yeah i mean at the end of the day
we think about clavio
if done right we should be provided i
mean go back to day one
we should be providing this database
that makes it like really easy i mean we
think that's like a brain for your
business it just allows you to
treat people the way you want to treat
them but just at massive scale
um and so what would you do with that
brain and how should it act
well there are so many different
customer experiences
all different types of media all
different types of use cases different
industries
there's no way we can possibly get to
all of those and so if we can
end up being the way that you store all
that data and then use it
federate it out that's really powerful
and so we think there's
existing technology platforms that can
leverage what we're doing
we also think there's a whole bunch of
technology you know companies or
platforms that don't exist yet
that can that can help build around us
so our big goals for this year is how do
we make sure we've kind of opened up i
don't think anybody's ever done this
give you all of the apis into our
customer database so it's a little bit
like a sql database but just really
designed for
kind of customer you know event data
activity data all of our marketing
messaging bits and then say
go nuts and so we know we're working
with some a bunch of um
you know startups now uh you know or
some larger platforms on those apis
design those
and then i mean we really want to see
it's like can we help hundreds thousands
of other
you know developers go off and build
like self-sustaining businesses that
help in all sorts you know both within
retailing and outside
um you know help end businesses or end
consumers
um you know do more with their data so
it's it's very early for us there but i
think this is that's why i really admire
you know a bunch of companies you talk
about that are true like
api driven tech driven platforms uh i
think it's just how you could go with
the furthest and the fastest so
this should be the year hopefully that
we start to have that inflection
and start to take off so hopefully it's
maybe for us you know we think about
those platforms
they got there much earlier but for us
2021 is going to be the year that we
finally take off
got it it's interesting timing um okay
last with our column is because i know
i'm curious in other people can we just
talk a little bit about
um how sales works at the company right
in marketing so are you
uh i should know how much how much is
self-serve versus sales and how does
that just kind of the nuts and bolts
work of how you're selling the product
yeah it's great so i mean for us we're
uh i don't know if we're unique but we
have a very wide distribution
very wide so we have you know we have uh
you think of big iconic brands right
that are
you know are have a very uh high touch
um you know sales question where they're
trying to figure out like they're going
to rip and replace their database
technology along with a whole bunch of
markets i mean
we're a real revenue driver it could be
hundreds of millions or billions of
dollars for them
so we have those kind of customers then
we have the you know entrepreneurs who
are starting something on the weekends
where they're where they need to start
for free so our um start price model
starts out as premium
we've always felt strongly about that we
think it like holds us honest like on
our products and really like forces us
to let the product lead
for sure and so with that we've got a
big chunk
of our customers i mean definitely the
majority of our customers come into us
all self-serve
um so they figure out how to use our
product all on their own and again we
just think that it's a good
kind of baseline that we're always
trying to like you know how do we raise
that bar
that you can do more without not feeling
like you have to wait for us to be
around
right um at the same time you know i
remember when we um
you know first built out our uh you know
sales team um
our first couple of um you know uh reps
he said it's like look we want this to
be a very consultative process we want
you to know our product cold understand
our
customers cold and so yeah i think then
we have different like kind of
uh to match up to customers where they
want to be met we have folks that are
for smaller businesses i mean typically
for them they're
they kind of know what they want to do
they have a couple of ideas how do we
help them you know show
some value like up front right so our
sales team will
this is not normal but like they'll
actually get into the product help
people set up
a few you know whether it's a few emails
a few automated workflows
get them to show them some roi all
before we ever ask them to you know
swipe a credit card
um and so we'll do that of any size
you're you almost don't you don't care
what size the customer you have the man
power to cover the smaller customers
there
uh no well that's what i mean our
product does most of the lifting for us
you know on the on the small side you
know usually it's like when a business
is doing
we think about small businesses as a
business that's maybe getting close to a
million dollars a year
like in retail like that's usually a
good time where they're it's a bit of a
bigger move for them so they kind of
want to prove things out
um but yeah we've always looked at like
i mean how do we go faster right how do
we keep things really high velocity
um so we're constantly thinking about
like how do we take the best learnings
from our
sales team our marketing team our
customer success team that are in a lot
of cases we talk about those
trailblazers they're figuring out the
patterns
and then how we building that back into
our product either so that people can
figure things out on their own or it
just makes us faster
um and i think that makes that makes
things fun kind of keeps things fresh
rather than feeling like you're kind of
retreading the same problems over and
over again
yeah so the sales team is mostly
observing
customers jumping in to help them right
and then
you know in theory driving more revenue
from the largest folks the folks
paying a couple thousand bucks some is
there a line in terms of sort of
acv or deal size where you where you
will you draw the line for sales at the
end of the day
it's a couple i mean so uh i think it's
a couple hundred bucks a month is
roughly where we draw the line of where
it's self-serve versus talk to somebody
in sales
but it's we're i mean it's we try to be
very we
we talk we think a lot about like how do
we think work from the customer
backwards so be customer first
like one of the challenges it's very
easy to set up a sales org that kind of
meets the way that you want the world to
look
yeah at the end of the day you have
customers from all the places i mean
it's not unusual for us to have
some huge brands come in and say hey
look i'm only willing to spend a few
hundred dollars with you today
but that's kind of because i want to
prove the content and really grow this
out
um and we would hate for some like
simple heuristic right in a you know
form or something that they did inside
the product
to block that out um and sometimes the
cool part about you know let's say
retail and direct consumer is
the businesses grow so fast like you
can't just look at somebody's email
address and know oh that's a huge
company or not
i mean some of these companies grow so
quickly the other thing we have to do is
really stay on top of
who are the companies that are who have
that really high trajectory
and how do we make sure that we're
sticking with them so that's where it
almost like you know between our sales
team and our customer success
team you just really have to match up
and kind of watch because i mean some
companies are kind of slow growers or
lower growers
some of them just grow really quickly
and we have to kind of tease all that
out
yeah it's funny when i remember the
first time i ever bought a seat of
salesforce
one seat uh i had a rep he called me uh
i said chris bless your soul you can't
afford to talk to me he's like
no we think you might grow bigger he's
like it's okay and that sales
i don't know if salesforce does that
today when the big deals are nine nine
figures
but it shocked my mind in 2006 when an
ae in san francisco i
i blowed my mind i never had that
experience in software before right but
it was smart
that was a good early investment by
benioff right
totally i mean it's all about i mean
like this goes back to the pieces of
clivia which is like how do you do
personalization at scale right
so obviously if they can that experience
i mean obviously it was you know mental
i mean you still remember that
finding a way to deliver that like i
mean obviously that's what we're doing
internally is a little bit of document
around stuff is how do we make sure we
can do that right make it as magician as
possible to still get that kind of magic
yeah all right one last question i know
we're out of time but um just to finish
up on sales and marketing
and maybe the answer is no but are
partners and channels a big part of your
revenue mix they're a huge part of
hubspot right other folks like gorgeous
that i know
get a huge amount through agencies and
partners
what what have you learned there of
anything definitely uh yeah so
i mean the short answer is yes yeah um
you know i think it's all
so why is that i mean certainly clavio
is because we interoperate with so many
other systems
that drives a lot of partnerships um but
then a lot of people when it comes to
uh this category we call marketing right
yeah uh it's a lot of folks
understanding
are not sure they don't have the
expertise yet about like what's the
right tech stack there's so many options
out there
and what's what are the right strategy
one of the fun parts about
marketing and messaging is so creative
there's so many different ways to grow
yeah and so a lot of people are looking
for what those playbooks are and
especially when you're small like
you may not have sometimes we find a lot
of entrepreneurs that just don't have
that expertise yet they're the product
person they just haven't figured out
that side of it yet
um so yeah we i mean from gosh many many
years ago
we found that like uh marketing agencies
you know folks were helping on the
development side system integrators are
a great
fit i think the key thing for us was you
have to it's you know a lot of people
will be kind of interested but you have
to do a little bit of the work for them
of helping them figure out
especially let's say um somebody's
selling services what are the services
they're going to sell and how you can
help them package those up
uh one of the things i think is pretty
cool about what we've been able to do is
we put together a program where we've
actually taken a lot of like
traditionally like
seo or sem or advertising agencies and
said hey
you know like look those are all paid
strategies we think own strategies you
know email and sms are really
interesting too
we've helped them define kind of a way
to set up the different kinds of
packages that are
valuable to them because it helps them
you know set up the kinds of uh
engagements they want but they also
prove a lot of roi for their you know
for the end
and customers so it's a way for us to
basically help people adopt our
things faster um that's been awesome so
i think you have but you do have to
invest some time to basically i think
set up that playbook and the other thing
too is
you have to hold the line on you know
this is the playbook that we care about
like in some sense if you're not you
know kind of on
if you don't believe in what we believe
in for instance with email you know
we've definitely worked with some folks
that you know still felt like gosh the
best way to do email is just to send
everybody all the time which obviously
doesn't work anymore
um you know helping people coach you up
on what the right way to do things are
we found some people were
kind of willing to be those quick
learners and those created i mean once
you kind of had a handful of folks that
could show you could build a business
um you know around palladio service
business obviously lots of other folks
came to us and said hey how do we get
involved in this and that's better yeah
and you have a big partner enablement
team that kind of works with those folks
is that you have a layer on top of that
or is that still really like uh like
the platform yeah i mean we're i mean
we're very uh i think
efficient scalable in how we do it but
like yeah we've had we've had that team
for
uh you know a team working with partners
working with agencies again on this
exact kind of stuff right yeah how to
think about the services you want to
provide how you're going to price and
package them
uh i think you if you decide you want to
go down that route
and i think it's a definitely a really
good one i think you can't invest early
enough in that the sooner you do that
you'll just you'll get more scale it'll
go faster
yeah andrew this was incredible thanks
for spending all the time with us
and um uh let me let me know let us know
if we can help and we'd love to have you
on stage at sasser annual one year
whenever whenever whenever you want to
come out as we're re-emerging from kovad
we'd love to have you but thanks for all
this time this was great
awesome we'll do it thanks